# Priorityqueue
## Concept
Simulates an entity with employees, and "work orders" with varying degrees of urgency. For example, a gas leak would be an emergency and would be a higher "priority level" than routine maintenance. Priority Levels are created and ensured to be unique. As "work orders" are created and assigned a priority level, they are then put into an appropriate Priority Level queue. Once in these queues work orders are efficiently prioritized by how long they have existed without being addressed. These priority queues are implemented using a Max Heap data structure with the work orders' time existing used as the basis for comparisons.

The script will then allow the user to input any employees who have the day off and will then loop through employees giving each the next most prioritized job and adds that job to that employee's schedule. The next job's estimated time to complete would cause the employee to exceed 8 scheduled hours it skips this employee. If an employee reaches over 7 hours they are marked as "booked" and no longer considered for jobs. If a "work order" has been checked compared to every employee but would cause each one to exceed 8 hours it is temporarily popped from the queue and stored in a "holding list". After the priority queue is exhausted the "work orders" in the "holding list" are re-added and the heap reconstructs to meet the heap property. This scheduling process will continue until all "work orders" have been assigned to an employee or until all employees are "booked". If at the end of this process "work orders" in the "emergency" range are still unassigned a list will be produced for the user. 
